feat: fallback on current working directory for chart path (#35)
nflaig/semantic-release-helm: README.md

| Parameter           | Type      | Default | Required | Description                                                                                                                           |
| ------------------- | --------- | ------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `chartPath`         | `string`  | `cwd`    | `false`   | Chart directory, where the _Chart.yaml_ is located.  If parameter isn't defined, uses the `CHART_PATH` environment variable.  If that isn't defined, ultimately falls back to semantic-release's current working directory (`cwd`).                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `chartPath`         | `string`  | `cwd`    | `false`   | Path to chart directory where _Chart.yaml_ is located. Defaults to the `CHART_PATH` environment variable, or ultimately falls back to current working directory (`cwd`) if neither is set.                                                                                   |
```
